README.md, before:

json-mapper
==========

Just a simple json mapper.

- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Shut up and show me a SIMPLE convertion](#shut-up-and-show-me-a-simple-convertion)
- [Helpers](#helpers)


How to use
----------

Very simple case:


```js

var input = {
    user: {
        name: 'John',
        nick: 'C00lHacker'
    }
};

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: function(input){
            if (!input.user){
                return;
            } else {
                return input.user.name;
            }
    }
});

var result = converter(input);

console.log(result); // should be {name: 'John'}

```

Let's add a bit sugar by using factory method `getVal` 

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: JV.getVal('user.name');
});

```

The syntax `'user.name'` equals `JM.getVal('user.name')`

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: 'user.name';
});

```

If you want to chain callbacks use `ch` factory

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');
var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: JM.ch(
                function(input){ return input.locations; },
                function(input){ return input[0]; },
                function(input){ return input.x; }
            )
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: 1}

```
This stuff can be simplified by using array, e.g.:

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: [
        function(input){ return input.locations; },
        function(input){ return input[0]; },
        function(input){ return input.x; }
    ]
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: 1}

```

`JM.ch` function also can convert 'some.path' to `JM.getVal('some.path')`.  
There is a map factory for arrays processing.

```js

var input = {
    user: {
        name: 'Alex',
        nickname: 'FOfan'
    },
    locations: [
        {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
        {x:2, y:22},
        {x:3, y:23},
        {x:4, y:24},
        {x:5, y:25},
        {x:6, y:26},
        {x:7, y:27},
        {x:8, y:28},
        {x:9, y:29},
        {x:10, y:30},
        {x:11, y:31},
        {x:12, y:32}
    ],
    uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: JM.ch('locations', JM.map(function(input){ return input.x; }))
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12]}

```

or

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: ['locations', JM.map('x')]
});
    
```

Use `JM.makeCb(val)` to convert `path` to `getVal`

Returning map:

| input | return |
|:-----:|:------:|
| function | function |
| string | getVal(val) |
| array | ch.apply(null,val) |
| hash  | schema(val) |


New feature is `'$root'` alias

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var input = {
    uuid: '1233123123',
    user: {
        name: 'sergey'
    },
    objects: [
        'atoken',
        'btoken',
        'ctoken',
        'dtoken',
        'etoken',
        'Fplane',
        'Splane',
        'nodejs',
        'memcache',
        'sql',
        'tpl',
        'ej'
    ]
};

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    originalObject: '$root',
    uuid: 'uuid',
    link: [
        JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
        JM.helpers.templateStrong('<a href="{$root}">user</a>')
    ],
    objects: ['objects', JM.map(JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/objects/{$root}'))]
});

console.log('\n\n\n\ convert with template & root', converter(input));

```
Result:

```js

{
    originalObject: {
        uuid: '1233123123',
        user: {name: 'sergey'},
        objects: [
            'atoken',
            'btoken',
            'ctoken',
            'dtoken',
            'etoken',
            'Fplane',
            'Splane',
            'nodejs',
            'memcache',
            'sql',
            'tpl',
            'ejs'
        ]
    },
    uuid: '1233123123',
    link: '<a href="http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey">user</a>',
    objects: [
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/atoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/btoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/ctoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/dtoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/etoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/Fplane',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/Splane',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/nodejs',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/memcache',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/sql',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/tpl',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/ejs'
    ]
}

```

Shut up and show me a SIMPLE convertion
--------

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');
var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    all_x: ['locations', JM.map('x')],
    all_y: ['locations', JM.map('y')],
    x_sum_y: ['locations', JM.map(function(input){
        return input.x + input.y;
    })],
    locations_count: ['locations', function(arr){
        return arr.length;
    }],
    locations_count_hack: 'locations.length',
    just_mappet_name: 'user.name',
    another_object: {
        nickname: 'user.nickname',
        location_0_x: 'locations.0.x'
    }
});

var result = converter(input);

console.log(result);

```
Result:

```json

{
  "all_x":   [ 1,  2,  3,  4,  5,  6,  7,  8,  9,  10, 11, 12 ],
  "all_y":   [ 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 ],
  "x_sum_y": [ 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44 ],
  "locations_count": 12,
  "locations_count_hack": 12,
  "just_mappet_name": "Alex",
  "another_object": {
    "nickname": "FOfan",
    "location_0_x": 1
  }
}

```

Helpers
========

template and templateStrong
---------

Just an example:

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var input = {
    uuid: '1233123123',
    user: {
        name: 'sergey'
    },
    objects: [
        {id: 1001, name: 'atoken'},
        {id: 1002, name: 'btoken'},
        {id: 1003, name: 'ctoken'},
        {id: 1004, name: 'dtoken'},
        {id: 1005, name: 'etoken'},
        {id: 1006, name: 'Fplane'},
        {id: 1007, name: 'Splane'},
        {id: 1008, name: 'nodejs'},
        {id: 1009, name: 'memcache'},
        {id: 1010, name: 'sql'},
        {id: 1011, name: 'tpl'},
        {id: 1012, name: 'ej'}
    ]
};


var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid:           'uuid',
    hrefStrong:     JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
    href:           JM.helpers.template('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
    hrefStrongFail: JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.undefinedKey}'),
    hreffail:       JM.helpers.template('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.undefinedKey}'),
    objects: ['objects', JM.map({
        href: JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/objects/{id}')
    })]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with template \n\n', converter(input));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid:        '1233123123',
    hrefStrong:  'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey',
    href:        'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey',
    hreffail:    'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=undefined',
    objects: [
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1001' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1002' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1003' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1004' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1005' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1006' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1007' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1008' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1009' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1010' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1011' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1012' }
    ]
}

```

`templateStrong` will return undefined if there is undefined keys

def
----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid: JM.helpers.def('14')
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({}));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid: '14'
}

```

`JM.helpers.def(val)` - always returns val


valOrDef
-----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid:  [ 'uuid' , JM.helpers.def('14') ],
    uuid2: [ 'uuid2', JM.helpers.valOrDef('15') ]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({
    'uuid': '15',
    'uuid2': '17'
}));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid: '14',
    uuid2: '17'
}

```

If input is null or undefined `JM.helpers.valOrDef(val)` will return val, otherwise input will be returned.


dict
----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    type: [
        'type' ,
        JM.helpers.dict({
            1: 'fit',
            2: 'crop',
            3: 'fit'
        })
    ]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({
    'type': 1
}));

```
Result:

```js

{
    type: 'fit'
}

```

toBoolean, toNumber, toUndefined, filterUndefined
----------------------------------------------

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');
var h = JM.helpers;

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    isGuest: ['role', h.toBoolean],
    isUser: ['user', h.toBoolean],
    userId: ['userId', h.toNumber],
    catalogId: ['catalogId', h.toNumber],
    catalogId2: ['catalogId', h.toNumber, h.toUndefined],
    catalogId3: ['catalogId', h.filterUndefined(function(input){
        // input always not undefined
        return input + '1';
    })],
    catalogId4: ['UndefinedCatalogId', h.filterUndefined(function(input){
        // input always not undefined
        return input + '1';
    })]
});


console.log('\n\n\n convert to boolean and to number \n\n', converter({
    "role": 2,
    "userId": '13',
    "catalogId": 'somethingLiteral'
}));

```

Result is:

```js

{
    isGuest: true,
    userId: 13,
    catalogId: NaN,
    catalogId3: 'somethingLiteral1'
}

```

Dict creates a dictionary and returns value by key.


to run unit test run

```
   npm test
```

v0.0.8
------

- make performance optimizations
- add simple speed test "npm run speed"
- some results https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VO_DpwQq8RKOMKlN9RIXHjblha6n58qBpKWWGardIJo/edit?usp=sharing


v0.0.7
-----

- add unit tests 
- minor changes


v0.0.6
------

- add example 'sentence test'
- modify readme (make this more readable ;)
- change jsdoc for functions
 
 
in feature
-----

- make normal unit tests and try to do some optimization for more performance 
- write more usage examples

Commit message:

Add toString helper and fix unit tests
I added toString helper, the difference of using it instead of just
`String` is that it handles null and undefined vars.

I also fix unit tests with new Chai `should` assertions.

README.md, after:

json-mapper
==========

Just a simple json mapper.

- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Shut up and show me a SIMPLE convertion](#shut-up-and-show-me-a-simple-convertion)
- [Helpers](#helpers)


How to use
----------

Very simple case:


```js

var input = {
    user: {
        name: 'John',
        nick: 'C00lHacker'
    }
};

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: function(input){
            if (!input.user){
                return;
            } else {
                return input.user.name;
            }
    }
});

var result = converter(input);

console.log(result); // should be {name: 'John'}

```

Let's add a bit sugar by using factory method `getVal` 

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: JV.getVal('user.name');
});

```

The syntax `'user.name'` equals `JM.getVal('user.name')`

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    name: 'user.name';
});

```

If you want to chain callbacks use `ch` factory

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');
var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: JM.ch(
                function(input){ return input.locations; },
                function(input){ return input[0]; },
                function(input){ return input.x; }
            )
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: 1}

```
This stuff can be simplified by using array, e.g.:

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: [
        function(input){ return input.locations; },
        function(input){ return input[0]; },
        function(input){ return input.x; }
    ]
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: 1}

```

`JM.ch` function also can convert 'some.path' to `JM.getVal('some.path')`.  
There is a map factory for arrays processing.

```js

var input = {
    user: {
        name: 'Alex',
        nickname: 'FOfan'
    },
    locations: [
        {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
        {x:2, y:22},
        {x:3, y:23},
        {x:4, y:24},
        {x:5, y:25},
        {x:6, y:26},
        {x:7, y:27},
        {x:8, y:28},
        {x:9, y:29},
        {x:10, y:30},
        {x:11, y:31},
        {x:12, y:32}
    ],
    uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: JM.ch('locations', JM.map(function(input){ return input.x; }))
});

var result = converter(input); // should be {val: [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12]}

```

or

```js

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    val: ['locations', JM.map('x')]
});
    
```

Use `JM.makeCb(val)` to convert `path` to `getVal`

Returning map:

| input | return |
|:-----:|:------:|
| function | function |
| string | getVal(val) |
| array | ch.apply(null,val) |
| hash  | schema(val) |


New feature is `'$root'` alias

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var input = {
    uuid: '1233123123',
    user: {
        name: 'sergey'
    },
    objects: [
        'atoken',
        'btoken',
        'ctoken',
        'dtoken',
        'etoken',
        'Fplane',
        'Splane',
        'nodejs',
        'memcache',
        'sql',
        'tpl',
        'ej'
    ]
};

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    originalObject: '$root',
    uuid: 'uuid',
    link: [
        JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
        JM.helpers.templateStrong('<a href="{$root}">user</a>')
    ],
    objects: ['objects', JM.map(JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/objects/{$root}'))]
});

console.log('\n\n\n\ convert with template & root', converter(input));

```
Result:

```js

{
    originalObject: {
        uuid: '1233123123',
        user: {name: 'sergey'},
        objects: [
            'atoken',
            'btoken',
            'ctoken',
            'dtoken',
            'etoken',
            'Fplane',
            'Splane',
            'nodejs',
            'memcache',
            'sql',
            'tpl',
            'ejs'
        ]
    },
    uuid: '1233123123',
    link: '<a href="http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey">user</a>',
    objects: [
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/atoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/btoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/ctoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/dtoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/etoken',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/Fplane',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/Splane',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/nodejs',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/memcache',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/sql',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/tpl',
        'http://127.0.0.1/objects/ejs'
    ]
}

```

Shut up and show me a SIMPLE convertion
--------

```js

var input = {
  user: {
      name: 'Alex',
      nickname: 'FOfan'
  },
  locations: [
      {x:1, y:21}, // i need this x
      {x:2, y:22},
      {x:3, y:23},
      {x:4, y:24},
      {x:5, y:25},
      {x:6, y:26},
      {x:7, y:27},
      {x:8, y:28},
      {x:9, y:29},
      {x:10, y:30},
      {x:11, y:31},
      {x:12, y:32}
  ],
  uuid: 'ffffffff-aaaaaaaa-c0c0afafc1c1fefe0-cfcf1234'
};


var JM = require('json-mapper');
var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    all_x: ['locations', JM.map('x')],
    all_y: ['locations', JM.map('y')],
    x_sum_y: ['locations', JM.map(function(input){
        return input.x + input.y;
    })],
    locations_count: ['locations', function(arr){
        return arr.length;
    }],
    locations_count_hack: 'locations.length',
    just_mappet_name: 'user.name',
    another_object: {
        nickname: 'user.nickname',
        location_0_x: 'locations.0.x'
    }
});

var result = converter(input);

console.log(result);

```
Result:

```json

{
  "all_x":   [ 1,  2,  3,  4,  5,  6,  7,  8,  9,  10, 11, 12 ],
  "all_y":   [ 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 ],
  "x_sum_y": [ 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44 ],
  "locations_count": 12,
  "locations_count_hack": 12,
  "just_mappet_name": "Alex",
  "another_object": {
    "nickname": "FOfan",
    "location_0_x": 1
  }
}

```

Helpers
========

template and templateStrong
---------

Just an example:

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var input = {
    uuid: '1233123123',
    user: {
        name: 'sergey'
    },
    objects: [
        {id: 1001, name: 'atoken'},
        {id: 1002, name: 'btoken'},
        {id: 1003, name: 'ctoken'},
        {id: 1004, name: 'dtoken'},
        {id: 1005, name: 'etoken'},
        {id: 1006, name: 'Fplane'},
        {id: 1007, name: 'Splane'},
        {id: 1008, name: 'nodejs'},
        {id: 1009, name: 'memcache'},
        {id: 1010, name: 'sql'},
        {id: 1011, name: 'tpl'},
        {id: 1012, name: 'ej'}
    ]
};


var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid:           'uuid',
    hrefStrong:     JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
    href:           JM.helpers.template('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.name}'),
    hrefStrongFail: JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.undefinedKey}'),
    hreffail:       JM.helpers.template('http://127.0.0.1/users/?name={user.undefinedKey}'),
    objects: ['objects', JM.map({
        href: JM.helpers.templateStrong('http://127.0.0.1/objects/{id}')
    })]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with template \n\n', converter(input));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid:        '1233123123',
    hrefStrong:  'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey',
    href:        'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=sergey',
    hreffail:    'http://127.0.0.1/users/?name=undefined',
    objects: [
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1001' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1002' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1003' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1004' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1005' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1006' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1007' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1008' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1009' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1010' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1011' },
        { href: 'http://127.0.0.1/objects/1012' }
    ]
}

```

`templateStrong` will return undefined if there is undefined keys

def
----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid: JM.helpers.def('14')
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({}));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid: '14'
}

```

`JM.helpers.def(val)` - always returns val


valOrDef
-----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    uuid:  [ 'uuid' , JM.helpers.def('14') ],
    uuid2: [ 'uuid2', JM.helpers.valOrDef('15') ]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({
    'uuid': '15',
    'uuid2': '17'
}));

```

Result:

```js

{
    uuid: '14',
    uuid2: '17'
}

```

If input is null or undefined `JM.helpers.valOrDef(val)` will return val, otherwise input will be returned.


dict
----

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    type: [
        'type' ,
        JM.helpers.dict({
            1: 'fit',
            2: 'crop',
            3: 'fit'
        })
    ]
});

console.log('\n\n\n convert with default \n\n', converter({
    'type': 1
}));

```
Result:

```js

{
    type: 'fit'
}

```

toBoolean, toNumber, toString, toUndefined, filterUndefined
----------------------------------------------

```js

var JM = require('json-mapper');
var h = JM.helpers;

var converter = JM.makeConverter({
    isGuest: ['role', h.toBoolean],
    isUser: ['user', h.toBoolean],
    role: ['role', h.toString],
    userId: ['userId', h.toNumber],
    catalogId: ['catalogId', h.toNumber],
    catalogId2: ['catalogId', h.toNumber, h.toUndefined],
    catalogId3: ['catalogId', h.filterUndefined(function(input){
        // input always not undefined
        return input + '1';
    })],
    catalogId4: ['UndefinedCatalogId', h.filterUndefined(function(input){
        // input always not undefined
        return input + '1';
    })]
});


console.log('\n\n\n convert to boolean and to number \n\n', converter({
    "role": 2,
    "userId": '13',
    "catalogId": 'somethingLiteral'
}));

```

Result is:

```js

{
    isGuest: true,
    role: '2',
    userId: 13,
    catalogId: NaN,
    catalogId3: 'somethingLiteral1'
}

```

Dict creates a dictionary and returns value by key.


to run unit test run

```
   npm test
```

v0.0.8
------

- make performance optimizations
- add simple speed test "npm run speed"
- some results https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VO_DpwQq8RKOMKlN9RIXHjblha6n58qBpKWWGardIJo/edit?usp=sharing


v0.0.7
-----

- add unit tests 
- minor changes


v0.0.6
------

- add example 'sentence test'
- modify readme (make this more readable ;)
- change jsdoc for functions
 
 
in feature
-----

- make normal unit tests and try to do some optimization for more performance 
- write more usage examples
